---
layout: post
title: "Farewell, 2023! And Welcome, 2024!"
date: 2023-12-31 11:59:00
blurb: "A look at an example post using Bay Jekyll theme."
# og_image: /assets/img/content/Meet_The_Characters.svg
---

<i>(Mic checking) </i>
<br>
<br>
Check, ahem, Check.
<br>
<br>
Okay, so we’re back after a long break. To be honest, It has been quite some time! Anyways, Thanks for joining us for tonight’s ceremony — <b>Farewell, 2023! And Welcome, 2024!</b>
<br>
<br>
<i>(Drumroll, please)</i>
<br>
<br>
It’s that time of the year again when I celebrate the farewell and the welcome ceremony together. I can’t help but feel the awkwardness in the air. I’m planning to bid 2023 goodbye with the promise of not making 2024 the same. Should 2023 be offended? <i>Is this a trick question?</i>
<br>
And above that I’m about to make promises to 2024 that 2023 has the full right of being jealous of. After all, what does 2024 have that 2023 didn’t have?
<br>
<br>
<i>(forewarning of lame joke coming your way)</i>
<br>
<br>
<i>(half-suppressed giggle)</i>
<br>
<br>
I can almost see 2023 and 2024 recreating the epic scene from the movie Deewar.
<br>
<br>
<b>२०२३:</b> आज तक मैंने पलक को सभ कुछ दिया। कॉलेज लाइफ दिया, दोस्त दिए, यादें दिए, ग्रेजुएट कराया, जॉब दिया, फैमिली ट्रिप करवाई, इंडिपेंडेंस दिलाई। है क्या तुम्हारे पास देने के लिए उसे?
<br>
<b>२०२४:</b> मेरे पास आज है।
<br>
<br>
<i>(english translation)</i>
<br>
<br>
<b>2023:</b> I’ve given Palak everything — College life, friends, memories, graduation, job, family trip, independence. What do you have to offer to her?
<br>
<b>2024:</b> Present.
<br>

Oof, forgive me for that XD! <br>
<br>
<i>(pretending as if nothing happened)</i>
<br>
<br>
As for 2024, I won’t complain if it has a hard time believing those promises. After all, I did make some, if not many, promises to 2023 when it was its welcome ceremony. 2022 can testify.
<br>
<br>
<i>(2022 nods vigorously)</i>
<br>
<br>
So, 2023 and 2024, if you both can feel the awkwardness in the air, trust me — it’s not you. And, unbelievable as it might be, it’s not me as well. It’s the nature of these ceremonies — a natural consequence of wrapping up a farewell and welcome ceremony together.
<br>
Therefore like good siblings shake your hands, maybe give each other a hug you both deserve and enjoy the ceremony. You both deserve it equally.
<br>
<br>
<i>(Drumroll again, please)</i>
<br>
<br>
Let’s raise a toast for 2023.
<br>
2023, I’m so grateful you happened! I understand I might not have fulfilled each and every promise I made to you. But, I hope you agree, I did try my best. Yes, there were times I forgot about some of the promises. But then there were times I fulfilled others when you were least expecting me to do that. Didn’t I? I promised I would take care of my health, and I did that. I know what you would say next — “What about all those negative self narrations?” And in my defense — I might not have fully eliminated them but I do occasionally scold myself when I find myself juggling with negative narration. I know I’m not completely there. But, I soon will be. And you’ll be amazed to hear that I can run 5K without stopping! You did see me go from 2K to 5K. That’s something, isn’t it? And I’ve made good friends. Okay, I agree for the past few months I’vn’t actively reached out to my college friends, but I’m planning to do that regularly from 2024.<br>
I know, when I would start making promises to 2024, you would think something along the line — “That’s preposterous! She said the exact same thing during our time. Didn’t she 2022?”<br>
Jokes aside, thanks 2023 for giving me a wonderful ride. There were ups and downs. I kept some of my promises and faltered over the others. But I did try. And I’ll keep trying to get better. Some time down the lane, you will be happy to see where I’ve reached. That’s a promise. Overall it was nice. Thanks for having me along on this ride. Farewell 2023!
<br>
<br>
<i>Meanwhile, 2023 mouthing — Not another promise, please!</i>
<br>
<br>
<i>(2023 almost in tears)</i>
<br>
<br>
<i>(2024 eagerly waiting for it’s turn)</i>
<br>
<br>
<i>(Drumroll again, please)</i>
<br>
<br>
Let’s raise another toast for 2024!<br>
Hey 2024, I know we have just met. But I can already tell we’ll vibe together. It won’t be hard for you to guess what’s coming next. Yeah, Promises! I don’t want to make ones that would be hard for me to follow. So, after thinking for a while I have decided these are the ones I believe I could do justice to —<br>

1. Run 5K every week. And slowly increase it to 15K by the end of this year.<br>
2. Read every single day for at least 30 mins. And keep building up my library.<br>
3. Exercise every single day.<br>
4. Keep a check on stories I narrate to myself.<br>
   And<br>
5. One post every week. If I’ve nothing to say, I’ll at least update you on how I’m doing with my promises. It shouldn’t be hard for me.<br>

<i>(2021, 2022, 2023 spewed out together)</i><br>

<i>(everyone other than 2024 wondered how someone could say such a thing with a straight face!)</i><br>

<i>(2024 was too busy to notice)</i><br>

Welcome, 2024! I’m glad you are here. <i>(And that too on a Monday!)</i><br>

<i>(2024 blushes. It has yet to get used to getting attention)</i><br>

With this let’s call it a day. See you next week!<br>
